Add connection exception errors (#183)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/errors/gql-errors.adoc

:description: This section describes the GQLSTATUS errors that Neo4j can return, grouped by category, and an example of when they can occur.

[[neo4j-gqlstatus-errors]]
= List of all GQLSTATUS server error codes

The following page provides an overview of all server errors in Neo4j, along with some scenarios and their possible solutions.
All errors in Neo4j have severity level `ERROR`.

* <<_connection-exceptions, Connection exceptions>>

[[_connection-exceptions]]
== Connection exceptions

The following is a list of the connection exceptions that can occur in Neo4j.

=== 08000

Notifies the client that an exception occurred during the connection.

.Error details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|0800
|Status description
a|error: connection exception
|Classification
m|CLIENT_ERROR
|===

=== 08007

Notifies the client that an exception occurred during the resolution of a transaction.

.Error details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|08007
|Status description

> |error: connection exception - transaction resolution unknown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|error: connection exception - transaction resolution unknown
```

The dot is a separator between subcondition and message, so if there is no message, there is no dot

|Classification
m|CLIENT_ERROR
|===

=== 08N00

Notifies the client that an exception occurred while trying to connect to a specified database.

.Error details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|08N00
|Status description

> a|error: connection exception - unable to connect to database. Unable to connect to database `$db`. Unable to get bolt address of the leader. Check the status of the database. Retrying your request at a later time may succeed.

Reviewer: For parameters, I'm not sure if it is nicer to include the formatting like **\`$db\`** or to write in the way Stefan did in the GQLSTATUS sheet **{ $db }**?  

The first way is more similar to what the user sees, while the second makes it even clearer what part is a parameter and might vary. I'm not sure which one I like better for docs, so you can decide @renetapopova and @NataliaIvakina as long as we are consistent.

Note that the formatting will vary between the parameters depending on which sort of parameter it is, for some it might be single quotes, for some back-ticks and for some it will be as is. For list it can be that if we have the error message `bla, bla, everything is wrong with { $list }`, the user will see it as`bla, bla, everything is wrong with item1` or `bla, bla, everything is wrong with item1, item2 and item3` depending on the size of the parameter list. For such a case it would be a bit unclear how to write it out in docs with option 1 maybe.

Author: I think the parameters should be exactly as in the code. Later, when we add a test to verify the accuracy of the codes in the docs, they should align with the code; otherwise, the test will fail.

Author: We can show what users will see in the examples, first example status description, and later example scenarios and returned messages.

Author: Ah, sorry, I see that they are { $db } in the code as well.

|Classification
m|CLIENT_ERROR
|===

=== 08N01

Notifies the client that an exception occurred while trying to write to a specified database.

.Error details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|08N01
|Status description

> a|error: connection exception - unable to write to database. Unable to write to database `$db` on this server. Server-side routing is disabled. Either connect to the database leader directly or enable server-side routing by setting `$cfgSetting=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|error: connection exception - unable to write to database. Unable to write to database `$db` on this server. Server-side routing is disabled. Either connect to the database leader directly or enable server-side routing by setting '$cfgSetting=true'.
```

|Classification
m|CLIENT_ERROR
|===

=== 08N02

Notifies the client that an exception occurred while trying to connect to a specified database.

.Error details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|08N02
|Status description

> a|error: connection exception - unable to route to database. Unable to connect to database `$db`. Server-side routing is disabled. Either connect to `$db` directly, or enable server-side routing by setting `$cfgSetting=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|error: connection exception - unable to route to database. Unable to connect to database `$db`. Server-side routing is disabled. Either connect to `$db` directly, or enable server-side routing by setting '$cfgSetting=true'.
```

|Classification
m|CLIENT_ERROR
|===

=== 08N03

> Notifies the client that an exception occurred while trying to connect to a specified database.

Author: We can investigate whether this is correctly assigned, but I think it should be part of a different task. Here, the PR is only about adding the codes from the spreadsheet.

> Notifies the client that an exception occurred while trying to connect to a specified database.

Author: @Lojjs, could you please look at this and see if this is a connection or a permission problem?

> Notifies the client that an exception occurred while trying to connect to a specified database.

Reviewer: This is used as top level error with a more specific cause by Cypher composite.

The old error message where it was used is "Writing in read access mode not allowed. Attempted write to $graph" and "Writing to more than one database per transaction is not allowed. Attempted write to $db1, currently writing to $db2", so I suppose it is when you do write to the database rather than connect to it, but it is not exactly a permission problem. If you want to know more details I would refer you to Nadja or Linnea in the Cypher composite team for this one.

.Error details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|GQLSTATUS code
m|08N03
|Status description
a|error: connection exception - failed to write to graph. Failed to write to graph `$graph`. Check the defined access mode in both driver and database.
|Classification
m|CLIENT_ERROR
|===

> 

Author: Yes, but the idea of this PR was not to be complete but to be merged as quickly as possible so that you can start branching from the feature branch.
